---
title: Disclaimer
id: 01-disclaimer
---

SFPY is a decentralized peer-to-peer protocol that people can use to create liquidity and trade ERC-20 tokens. There is one version of the SFPY protocol (v1), each of which is made up of free, public, open-source or source-available software including a set of smart contracts that are deployed on the Ethereum Blockchain. Your use of the SFPY protocol involves various risks, including, but not limited to, losses while digital assets are being supplied to the SFPY protocol and losses due to the fluctuation of prices of tokens in a trading pair or liquidity pool. Before using the SFPY protocol, you should review the relevant documentation to make sure you understand how the SFPY protocol works. Additionally, just as you can access email email protocols such as SMTP through multiple email clients, you can access the SFPY protocol through dozens of web or mobile interfaces. You are responsible for doing your own diligence on those interfaces to understand the fees and risks they present.

AS DESCRIBED IN THE SFPY PROTOCOL LICENSES, THE SFPY PROTOCOL IS PROVIDED ”AS IS”, AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. SFPY does not provide, own, or control the SFPY protocol, which is run by smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain. Upgrades and modifications to the protocol are managed in a community-driven way. No developer or entity involved in creating the SFPY protocol will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of, the SFPY protocol, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, cryptocurrencies, tokens, or anything else of value.